Troubleshooting: instructions for loki + istio (#6205)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/troubleshooting.md

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install loki loki/loki --set "loki.tracing.jaegerAgentHost=YOUR_JAEGER_AGENT_HOST"
```

> ## Running Loki Distributed with Istio Sidecars
> 
> The istio sidecar intercepts all traffic to and from the pod it runs alongside of. 
> When a pod tries to communicate with another pod using a given protocol, istio
> will inspect the destination's Service using [Protocol Selection](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/configuration/traffic-management/protocol-selection/).
> This mechanism uses a convention on the port name, (eg.: `http-my-port`, `grpc-my-port`)
> to determine how to handle this outgoing traffic. Istio can then do its thing,
> such as authorization, smart routing, etc.
> 
> This works fine when a pod communicates with another pod using a hostname. But
> istio does not allow pods to communicate with other pods using IP addresses,
> unless the traffic type is `tcp`.
> 
> Loki internally uses DNS to resolve the IP addresses of the different components.
> It will then attempt to send a request to the IP address of those pods. The 
> loki services have a `grpc` (:9095/:9096) port defined, so istio will consider
> this as `grpc` traffic. It will not allow loki components to reach each other using 
> an IP address. So the traffic will fail, and the ring will remain unhealthy. 
> 
> The solution to this is to add the `appProtocol: tcp` to all of the `grpc`
> (:9095) and `grpclb` (:9096) *Service ports* of loki components. This effectively
> overrides the istio protocol selection, and force istio to consider this traffic
> as raw `tcp`, which allows pods to communicate over raw ip addresses.
> 
> This disables part of the istio traffic interception mechanism, 
> but still enables mTLS. This will allow pods to communcate between themselves 
> using IP addresses over grpc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running Loki with Istio Sidecars

An Istio sidecar runs alongside a pod. It intercepts all traffic to and from the pod. 
When a pod tries to communicate with another pod using a given protocol, Istio inspects the destination's service using [Protocol Selection](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/configuration/traffic-management/protocol-selection/).
This mechanism uses a convention on the port name (for example, `http-my-port` or `grpc-my-port`)
to determine how to handle this outgoing traffic. Istio can then do operations such as authorization and smart routing.

This works fine when one pod communicates with another pod using a hostname. But,
Istio does not allow pods to communicate with other pods using IP addresses,
unless the traffic type is `tcp`.

Loki internally uses DNS to resolve the IP addresses of the different components.
Loki attempts to send a request to the IP address of those pods. The 
Loki services have a `grpc` (:9095/:9096) port defined, so Istio will consider
this to be `grpc` traffic. It will not allow Loki components to reach each other using 
an IP address. So, the traffic will fail, and the ring will remain unhealthy. 

The solution to this issue is to add `appProtocol: tcp` to all of the `grpc`
(:9095) and `grpclb` (:9096) service ports of Loki components. This
overrides the Istio protocol selection, and it force Istio to consider this traffic raw `tcp`, which allows pods to communicate using raw ip addresses.

This disables part of the Istio traffic interception mechanism, 
but still enables mTLS. This allows pods to communicate between themselves 
using IP addresses over grpc.
```
